Welcome to the bank account micro services section.
Let's have a look at what you're going to build in the section.
Again, let's have a look at the implementation and deployment view of our micro services architecture.
In this section, we are going to create micro services for the bank account domain.
Again, securest suggests that we should separate our bank account micro service into a command and
query part.
Therefore, we are going to create two restful APIs, including a bank account Camonte and a bank account
query API.
The bank account command API is going to handle a few bank account commands and often has handled these
commands.
It will raise corresponding events stored in the event store and publish it to the event.
Pass the bank account.
Query API, on the other hand, will subscribe to these events when new events are published to the
event.
But it will consume these events and use the event payload to create and alter the bank account table
in the bank database.
Notice this time the database is a MySQL database, while the event store or write database remains
a Mongo DB database.
Consider the component diagram that zooms in on all the projects, packages and software components
that you're going to create and implement.
First, we are going to create the bank account model and then the account type enum for indicating
the type of bank card the day after.
You're going to create the bank account command objects, including an open account, command, deposit
funds command, withdraw funds command and close account command.
We will then define the event objects including the account open the event funds deposited event funds
with drawn event and account closed event.
Then you will create the account aggregate.
And as you know by now, the aggregate forms the core of a command type API.
The account aggregate will handle the bank account commands and once handled the bank account events
will be raised stored in the event store via the event sourcing repository and then publish to the event.
But we will then implement the account event handler with the event handler methods that facilitates
the subscription and handling of the bank account events where the account open event payload will be
used to create a bank account.
The funds deposited event to add to the bank balance the funds withdrawn event to subtract funds from
the account and the account closed event to delete the account record.
All of these database interactions will be facilitated via the account repository that will persist
and update the bank account records.
We will then implement for controllers in our bank account command API project, including an open account
controller, a deposit funds controller, a withdraw funds controller and a close account controller.
This is to provide restful endpoints that client applications can invoke to create a bank account,
deposit funds into a bank account, withdraw funds from a bank account and close a bank account.
We will again create a base response DCO object with a message field that will allow us to respond with
a message from each of our control methods.
However, from the post method of the open account controller, we would, in addition like to respond
with the idea of the newly created bank account.
Therefore, we are going to create an open account response DTO that will extend the best response DTA
and include a field for the bank account idy they after we will define our query objects including the
find all accounts query find all accounts by idy query find account but hold the idee query and find
account with balance query.
Then we will implement the account query handler that will handle these queries and use them to query
bank account data from the bank database via the account repository.
And finally, we will implement a account lookup controller that will provide an HTP endpoint for querying
bank account information.
It will return one or more bank accounts.
Therefore we will create an account lookup response.
Ditto for that very purpose.
It will likewise extend the base response DTA.
OK, I hope you are now eager to start implementing your bank account MICRA services.